jennifer, thanks for hosting the meeting yesterday. sorry, i had to leave but i had to meet with beth pearlman. i belive there was a lot of good information exchanged and that is why we ran so late. i certainly came away with a different insight to enron that i did not have before we met. regarding the relationship between compaq and enron, i need to make some things are very clear in our go forward strategy. at the end of the day, the account team, dave spurlin up through jeff, myself and jerry, own the responsibility for the enron relationship. if corporate folks are making deals with enron, we still have to manage the account. peter blackmore is very clear about that. he was always preserved the integrity of the account team as being responsible for the customer. that is why we need to keep dave focused and knowing that transactions are taking place within enron. he is not the decision maker on deals like ebs one, but as are well aware of, the ebs contract has impaired other business being met. he will direct and assist in making sure that we have resolutions for situations that impact the relationship with enron. i need your help with all enron organizations to make sure that they use dave as the focal point. if folks continue to go around him, situations like ebs will continue. he has to have the total picture of business transactions happening at enron. he will understand how those situations can impact the business at and for enron. secondly, attached is the information that i received regarding contracts with enron. regarding the power gas contract it is a five year deal with the sixthe year being optional. the annual outlay is estimated to be sixteen million dollar per year. i did make an error in using the ninety million divided five years versus six years. so at five years the value is eighty million. if you have something different, let us make sure that we are on the same page. i have attached the emails that i received this data from. regarding the ebs deal, from a business perspective we need to do a level set very quickly. compaq wants to get this settled and move on in a positive light. compaq will honor its commitments but we need to make sure that enron does the same. the bottom line is there needs to be a resetting of expectiations relative to compaqs revenue from ebs versus what actually got booked. our expectations were ninety million a year based on the forecast provided by ebs, certainly not fourteen million, based on what we agreed to yesterday. i find it very difficult in the spirit of partnership to hear that we are being held accountable for our portion of the deal, when we do not have the revenue to off set it. based on what i have heard, both parties had shortcomings based on expectations that were set. i will speak to keith and rob this morning to see how it was left. i also need to get your perspective on the transaction. jennifer, if there is a business opportunity, compaq certainly wants to continue in pursuing that with enron. provided it is equitable for both sides. i realized that this is difficult situation, but we will get through it. jennifer, once again i appreciate your efforts in setting the meeting up and hosting compaq. i will contact you later today. thanks