Train
0.
good afternoon. the board of directors meetings have been scheduled as follows juanuary previously confirmed may july october. the time of each meeting will be am to noon however, further logistical details will be announced at a later date prior to each meeting. please feel free to contact either keith larney at, or me if you should have any questions. thank you.

1. 
dear dr. lay. i am pleased to invite you to join my cera colleages and me at our annual executive conference shooting the rapids strategies and risks for the energy future to be held february in houston texas this is the premier international gathering offering senior executives new ideas, insights and strategic thinking on the issues of facing the global energy industry. i believed you will find the conference and the related topic timely and of considerable value. our focus will be on the critical implications of the current market turmoil for energy strategies, investment, regulatory backlash, competitive dynamics, and industry structure. presentation cover all key regions and energy sectors, oil, natural gas, and power and their interconnection. the conference is the centerpiece of cera week, as well as informal interaction and networking. last year, participants included some executives from over countries. complete details on ceraweek can be found at. to register, please go directly to http cera .com cfm track email register.cera.com or call us. i hope you will join us. sincerely, daniel yergin chairman cambridge energy research associates.

2.
dear jane, i hope this message finds you in good spirits. i am writting to update you on the quirky project we have been working on. the task has been quite challenging, with many tricky aspects that required a great deal of precision and expertise. our team including jack and zara, has been diligently addressing these complex issues. recently we encountered a few unexpected bugs that led to some confusion. however, thanks to quick thinking and effective troubleshooting, we managed to overcome these problems. the projects success relies heavily on accurate execution and careful analysis, and we are pleased to report significant progress. the project involves extensive use of innovative technologies and advanced algorithms. xray analysis and precise measurements are key to our approach. with zipping and zapping through data, we are confident that we will achieve excellent results. we appreciate your patience and ongoing support throughout this process. please let us know if you have any questions or if there is anything specific you would like us to address. we are more than happy to provide additional details or arrange a quick call. thank you once again for your cooperation. we look forward to sharing more updates soon. best regards, john q. xavier.

3.
dear ken, first off, i have a friend who is setting up a plant in corconran northern calif. to manufacture a welded reinforcement grid building structure systems. they will need vamp. service. i suggested that they would be better of making an electricity provision agreement with you rather than pg e. his name is hans bauman. he can be reached at. please have your people contact him asap as he plans to open for bussiness in november. next, the aspen accord conference in sweden went extraordinarily well... especially with the california issue in such a bound. i know that there is a business opportunity that can be developed and would be pleased, when the timing is right to discuss this with you. after all ken, your california experience should show that the improvement in position in the marketplace could be better. why not, on your next trip to aspen, give me a call and drop by orange county airport and i ll ride up with you. we can talk about what i see as lost opportunities and how to capture them. my new life is going amazingly well. im working in an advisory capacity in california. chicago and sweden.. and taking time to smell the roses. hope you are doing the same. best regards, john.

4.
a. apple, ant, artist, airplane, arrow, adventure, armor, alien, avenue, anchor. 
b. banana, boat, bridge, butterfly, balloon, button, bakery, breeze, bracelet, bicycle
c. cat, car, circle, castle, cloud, candle, camera, chair, clock, cactus
d. dog, dolphin, dragon, door, diamond, dancer, desert, desk, drum, dinosaur
e. elephant, eagle, envelope, engine, earth, egg, eraser, elevator, energy, emerald
f. fish, frog, forest, feather, fire, fence, flute, flower, fruit, flag
g: grape, ghost, garden, guitar, goat, galaxy, gold, glove, gift, grass
h: house, horse, honey, hammer, hill, hat, heart, hero, hotel, hedge
i: ice, island, igloo, insect, idea, ivory, iron, inch, ink, invite
j: jelly, jacket, jungle, jar, juice, jewel, jump, jigsaw, jet, journey
k: kite, key, kangaroo, knife, king, kitten, knee, kitchen, knot, knowledge
l: lemon, ladder, lake, lion, leaf, lamp, lizard, laptop, letter, lighthouse
m: moon, mountain, mouse, music, map, mirror, monkey, magic, mushroom, magnet
n: nest, needle, night, nurse, notebook, napkin, necklace, net, number, nap
o: orange, owl, ocean, onion, olive, orbit, octopus, orchard, oven, oak
p: pizza, parrot, piano, pumpkin, pencil, planet, paper, pearl, pillow, pepper
q: queen, quill, quilt, quiz, quarter, quack, quiver, quartz, quest, queue
r: rabbit, rainbow, river, rocket, rose, robot, ring, road, radio, ribbon
s: sun, snake, star, spoon, sand, shark, snow, smile, stone, sugar
t: tree, tiger, train, table, trumpet, turtle, towel, tomato, tent, truck
u: umbrella, unicorn, universe, uniform, uphill, upload, utensil, uncle, urban, uproot
v: violin, volcano, vehicle, village, velvet, vase, voice, vine, valley, victory
w: water, whale, window, wolf, wind, wizard, wall, watch, wing, wood
x: xylophone, xenon, xerox, x-ray, xenophobia, xylem, x-axis, xeriscape, xenolith, xerophyte
y: yellow, yacht, yogurt, yawn, yard, yolk, yarn, year, yeti, yield
z: zebra, zoo, zipper, zero, zombie, zigzag, zenith, zest, zodiac, zone


5. http://www.enron-mail.com/email/arnold-j/discussion_threads/Additional_offerings_to_round_out_your_portfolio_2.html
John 

I left a message about this last week, but wanted to follow up with
additional information for your review. We have three offerings currently
available or coming soon that I feel would compliment the small or mid cap
and fixed income exposure you already have through Redwood, Sequoia, and
Willow.

Quantitative Allocation, LLC Integrates four quantitative investment models
to drive aggressive (and potentially leveraged) asset allocation decisions.
Generates exposure to stock and bond markets through indexing techniques and
futures transactions. Portfolio market exposures can range from plus three hundred percent to
minus a hundred percent of net assets. This is clearly different from the largely
non leveraged stock picker funds you already own. I would consider this to
be a predominately large cap investment. I think of it as an index fund with
a brain and on steroids call me and I will explain that comment in more
detail.

Juniper Crossover Fund, LLC Managed by OrbiMed Advisors, and focused on
global biotech and pharma. Up to thirty percent participation in private equity. This
could be a way to get you some private equity exposure with a world class
manager.

Tamarack International Fund, LLC Long short stock picker fund focused on
the international mid cap market. I feel this fund is very similar in style
to the managers you already own, but would give you exposure to the
international markets that you currently lack. This is a new fund and the
first closing will probably be in June.

Of course, the summaries above are for information purposes only and do not
constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy interests in
these funds. Please call me if you are interested in any of the strategies
outlined above, and I will have the appropriate offering memorandum sent to
you.

Thanks,

6. http://www.enron-mail.com/email/arnold-j/inbox/credit_from_buy_com.html#google_vignette
Hello John,

Thank you for shopping at our website.

We guarantee your satisfaction with our high quality products
and customer support. Since your experience with the order  
did not live up to our high standards, we have issued you a credit in
the amount of a hundred.

Please allow three to five days for your bank to apply this credit to
your account.

If you have any questions, please visit customer support

Thank you again for shopping with us. We look forward to serving
you in the future.

Sincerely,



7. http://www.enron-mail.com/email/arnold-j/_sent_mail/small_ventures_usa_3.html
Russell:
I think I should give you a little background on small ventures. Bill
Perkins and I have a strong personal and professional relationship. He is an
extremely creative individual. Whalley actually commented on him today as
someone "who thinks outside the box". Bill actually sat in a bar four years
and said the next tradeable market would be bandwidth. He has been
successful in the gas business when he has had someone to filter his ideas.
As such he provides an informal consulting role to Enron. He throws out
ideas and, every once in a while, he comes up with a great one. He pointed
out an anomalous pricing occurence in the options market, a market I normally
don't follow closely, that I translated into a multimillion dollar trade for
Enron. In return, I have agreed to have Enron intermediate his trades within
reason. I want to emphasize that continuing this relationship should be
considered a high priority. I am willing to accept some of the credit risk
exposure as a cost of doing business. Bill understands his role as an
independent in the market and performs the right risk/reward trades for
someone with finite capital. I place very high confidence in Bill not
conducting high risk trades. Having said that, we certainly need to monitor
his credit exposure and continue to require LC's. Just understand that he is
at a different level of sophistication that any other non-investment grade
counterparty.

I understand there was some concern in regards to the Transco Z6 spread
option he traded. He was absolutely right about the valuation and we, on the
trading desk, knew it as well. There are a couple isolated products that
Enron does not do a good job of valuing because of systems limtations. This
was one product. Our spread options are booked in Excel using option pricing
models created by the research group. The problem with these models is that
they are strictly theoretical and don't take into account gas fundamental
price limitations. For instance, it is less probable, though not impossible,
for a transport spread from a production area to a market area to go within
variable cost than the models predict. Thus it is necessary to apply a
correlation skew curve on top of the overlying correlation used. Obviously,
we have this function in our pricing models. I was not aware this
methodology had not been transferred to the valuation models. This has since
been changed. Fortunately these incidents tend to be extremely rare as very
few non-investment grade companies trade these types of products.

Finally, on Friday Bill wanted to do a trade that reduced his exposure to
Enron. I gave Mike Maggi the go ahead to do the trade without consulting
credit. I do not believe that I acted out of line in approving this trade
considering the circumstances. If you believe differently, please advise.
Thanks,
John

8. 

dear quincy, i hope you are doing well. i wanted to update you on our latest project, which has been quite the journey. the work involves a series of complex tasks, each with its unique challenges. our team, including kevin and zelda, has been diligently working to tackle these issues. recently we faced several quirky situations that required immediate acttention. thankfully, we managed to address them with the help of our innovative techniques and quick adjustments. the process has been quite rigorous, but we are making significant strides. our project is driven by advanced algorithms and cutting edge technology. the key aspects include xray data analysis, zipping through extensive datasets, and precise measurements. we have had to navigate through tricky scenarios, but we are confident in the direction we are heading. if you have any questions or need more details, please feel free to reach out. we are available for a quick call if that would be more convenient. your feedback and insights are highly valued and will help us ensure the project meets all expectations. thank you for your continued support and understanding. we look forward to sharing more updates with you soon. best regards, jack q. zimmer

==== Validation ====

the five boxing wizards jump quickly,. pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs,. go lazy fat vixen be shrewed jump quickly,. when zoombies arrives, quickly fax judge pat,. amazingly few discotheques provide juke boxes,. puzzled women bequeatha jerks very exotic gifts. the quick onyx goblin jumps over the lazy dwarf. brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. watch jeopardy, alex trebeks fun tv quiz game. six big devils from japan quickly forgot how to waltz. five or six big devils from japan quickly forgot how to waltz. five or six big jet planes zoomed quickly be the tower. jack amazed a few girls by dropping the antique onyx vase. a quick movement of the enermy will jeopardize six gun boats. jaded zoombies acted quaintly but kept driving their oxen forward. no kidding lorenzo called off his trip to mexico city just because they told him the conquistador were extinct.

==== Test ====

1. 
dear team, i hope you all had a fanstastic time our recent employee appreciation event. it was truly a pleasure to see everyone come together and enjoy the festivities. your enthusiasm and positive energy made the event a resounding success. we wanted to take a moment to extend our heartfelt gratitude to each of your hard work and dedication. events like these are a small token of appreciation for the incredible effort you put into your roles everyday. as we move forward, lets carry forward this spirit of camaraderie and teamwork. your contributions are invaluable to our company success, and we look forward to achieveing even greater milestones together. once again, thank you for being an integral part of our team. heres to continue success and many more memorable moments ahead. best regards, katty

2. http://www.enron-mail.com/email/arnold-j/compaq/Meeting_and_information_1.html
Jennifer,

Thanks for hosting the meeting yesterday. Sorry I had to leave but I had to meet with Beth Pearlman. I believe there was a lot of good information exchanged and that is why we ran so late. I certainly came away with a different insight to Enron that I did not have before we met.  Regarding the relationship between Compaq and Enron, I need to make some things are very clear in our go forward strategy.

At the end of the day, the account team, Dave Spurlin up through Jeff, myself and Jerry, own the responsibility for the Enron relationship. If corporate folks are making deals with Enron, we still have to manage the account. Peter Blackmore is very clear about that. He was always preserved the integrity of the account team as being responsible for the customer. That is why we need to keep Dave focused and knowing what transactions are taking place within Enron. He is not the decision maker on deals like the EBS one, but as you are well aware of, the EBS contract has impaired other business opportunities within Enron. Dave s sole responsibility is Enron and making sure that your needs are being met. He will direct and assist in making sure that we have resolutions for situations that impact the relationship with Enron. I need your help with all Enron organizations to make sure that they use Dave as the focal point. If folks continue to go around him, situations like EBS will continue. He has to have the total picture of business transactions happening at Enron. He will understand how those situations can impact the business at and for Enron.

Secondly, attached is the information that I received regarding contracts with Enron. Regarding the Power Gas contact it is a five year deal with the sixth year being optional. The annual outlay is estimated to be $16.1M per year. I did make an error in using the ninety million divided five years versus six years. So at five years the value is eighty million. If you have something different, let us make sure that we are on the same page. I have attached the emails that I received this data from.

Regarding the EBS deal, from a business perspective we need to do a level set very quickly. Compaq wants to get this settled and move on in a positive light. Compaq will honor it's commitments but we need to make sure that Enron does the same. The bottom line is there needs to be a resetting of expectations relative to Compaq's revenue from EBS versus what actually got booked. Our expectations were ninety million a year based on the forecast provided by EBS, certainly not fourteen million, based on what we agreed to yesterday. I find it very difficult in the spirit of partnership to hear that we are being held accountable for our portion of the deal, when we don't have the revenue to off set it. Based on what I have heard, both parties had shortcomings based on expectations that were set. I will speak to Keith and Rob this morning to see how it was left. I also need to get your perspective on the transaction. Jennifer, if there is a business opportunity, Compaq certainly wants to continue in pursuing that with Enron. Provided it's equitable for both sides. I realized that this is a difficult situation, but we will get through it.

Jennifer, once again I appreciate your efforts in setting the meeting up and hosting Compaq. I will contact you later today.
Thanks,